This is an implementation of a Condorcet method of voting.
A Condorcet method is any election method that elects the candidate that would win by majority rule in all pairings against the other candidates.

Condorcet methods are good at ranking candidates in an order that accurately reflects voter preference.

The first step is allowing voters to express the entirety of their preference rather than just their #1 candidate.
A voter can do this by ranking candidates in order of preference.

For example, lets say you have this situation
30% of the population prefers A, then B, then C
30% of the population prefers B, then A, then C
40% of the population prefers C, then A, then B

If you are only counting who has the most first place votes, C would win, even though this does not accurately reflect voter preference.
To see why consider this:
70% of the voters would rather have A than B
60% of the voters would rather have A than C
60% of the voters would rather have B than C

When the candidates are compared in pairs, it is obvious the accurate voter preference is A, then B, then C.
But when only the voter's top most candidate is considered, we have thrown away so much information that the least preferred candidate, C, actually wins.
In a Condorcet method, the candidates in this same situation would be ranked A, then B, then C, which is consistent with the actual voter preference.

Now consider this dilemma
3 voters prefer A, then B, then C
4 voters prefer B, then A, then C
2 voters prefer C, then A, then B

If we are counting the most first place votes, although the 2 voters prefer C, they don't dare vote that way because that would throw the election to B rather than A.
It is in the best interest of the 2 voters to not express their preference accurately.
This unfairly misrepresents the number of voters who actually preferred C, as that information about their preference was lost.
A Condorcet method would compare the candidates in pairs, like so:
A defeats B 5 to 4
A defeats C 7 to 2
B defeats C 7 to 2
So the ranking becomes A, then B, then C.
In a Condorcet method, the 2 voters could accurately express their vote, and not cause B to defeat A.

All Condorcet methods will produce the same results as long as there is no circular ambiguity.
For example, say your candidates were rock, paper, and scissors.
If paper beats rock, rock beats scissors, and scissors beats paper, there is a circular ambiguity.
Condorcet methods differ in which "Condorcet completion method" they use to resolve such cycles.

The "Schulze" method for resolving cycles
Lets say 5 voters prefer A to B, and 4 voters prefer B to C
One possible "path" from A to C is A-(5)-B-(4)-C.
A paths "strength" is the strength of its weakest link.  The strength of the path A-B-C in this example is 4
The Schulze method computes the strongest path between each pair of candidates, and uses that to rank the candidates.
This eliminates cycles, which allows the candidates to be ranked.

The Floyd-Warshall algorithm
This is a graph analysis algorithm for finding the shortest paths in a weighted graph
It can be used to compute the strongest paths according to the Schulze method
